

=== Page 1 ===

Job #548049

Star Performance Agreement

STAR PERFORMANCE AGREEMENT

| BENEFITS:
x

WELCOME!

ONLY

°1295

Customer Service Address

Rafael Lopez 14 San Carlos Court, Pittsburg, CA 94565 USA
Billing Addres Agreement Type
If different from service address Please select the type of coverage needed.

14 San Carlos Court, Pittsburg, CA 94565 USA Full System (1 AC and 1 Furnace)
Notes

Please select an Investment

By selecting Monthly Investment, | understand that the monthly fee will continue until a written
notice of termination is received at the corporate office. The Star Performance Agreement is a 6-
month minimum commitment. Cancellation prior to the 6-month period will reverse any accrued
Star Savings.

By selecting Annual Investment, | understand that the payment method used today will be the
source for next year’s auto-renewal. Please notify me 30 days prior to my plan lapsing to confirm
auto-renewal.

Investment

Monthly Investment

=== Page 2 ===

Please Select a payment method

By selecting Credit Card, | understand | have provided a Credit Card as required to initiate the
automatic debit. | hereby authorize Hometown Heating and Air Conditioning to debit my card.

By selecting Bank Draft, | understand that | have provided a voided check as required to initiate
the draft program with my bank. | hereby authorize Hometown Heating and Air Conditioning to
drafts the monthly or annual investment.

Payment Method Last four of the Credit Card/Account
Credit Card Number
0
Acceptance

By signing below | accept to the above selected terms and payment method as well as the below
conditions of the Star Performance Agreement.

Client
Signature

=== Page 3 ===

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

To change the status of your STAR Membership a request must be submitted via our website;
Hometownheatingandair.com. If you are unable to do so you may mail or fax a letter to our home
office:

Hometown Heating & Air Conditioning
4075 Nelson Avenue, Suite D
Concord, CA 94520

Fax: (925) 969-0061

On your letter, please include the date, the reason for the change in status and the address of the
STAR Membership service location. Please include your email address on your letter so we can
confirm your change. Please allow up to two weeks to process your request. You may be billed in
this two-week period. Your coverage will continue through the last date.

STAR Membership Billing:

If your STAR Performance Membership is purchased on the 1st through the 15th of the month,
your account will be billed on the closest business day after the 20th (or 21st for bank draft) each
month going forward.

If your STAR Performance Membership is purchased on the 16th through the 31st of the month
your account will be billed on the closest business day after the 5th (or 6th for bank draft) each
month going forward.

STAR MEMBERSHIP PLAN DISCLAIMER:

The client is entitled to two maintenance tune-ups, one for furnace unit and one for air conditioner
or one maintenance tune-up for the furnace only if there is no air conditioner. Hometown Heating
and Air Conditioning will provide notification prior to preset visit month to schedule the
maintenance tune-up; however, it is the responsibility of the client to return any missed call to
ensure their maintenance tune-up is scheduled. The star membership is a six-month minimum
commitment. Cancellation prior to six months will reverse any accrued Membership Discounts.
The maintenance tune-up and safety inspection includes the test of safety controls, lubrication of
moving parts where applicable and minor cleaning of control and electronic areas where
applicable. The Star Membership program in intended to maintain efficient operation of the Home
Comfort System. The maintenance tune-up and safety inspection excludes any repair, recharging
of refrigerant, or major cleaning needed that may be discovered by the technician. The cost to
preform repairs and/or cleaning, as well as the cost of parts and labor to replace any worn or
malfunctioning part(s) identified in the tune-up would be additional. In the event additional work
beyond the maintenance tune-up and safety inspection is required, the technician will present a
written estimate of the cost to perform the work. No work the involves an additional fee will be
performed without client consent.